Congres Leader Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday filed his nomination from Wayand constituency in Kerala for the April 26 Lok Sabha polls.
An earthquake of magnitude 6.3 struck off the east coast of Honshu, Japan on Thursday, the European-Mediterranean Seismological Centre said.
TEPCO, the operator of the Fukushima nuclear power plant, said "no abnormalities" had been detected at the stricken plant or others in the region.
The United States Geological Survey put the magnitude of Thursday's quake at 6.1, with a depth of 40.1 kilometres.
Amazon Web Services has eliminated several hundred sales, marketing and tech roles, it said on Wednesday, the latest in a series of job cuts by its parent Amazon.com
India Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted harsher spells of heat waves that could last between 10-20 days instead of the usual two to four days.
Vistara pilots had called in sick to protest the revised salary structure ahead of the merger with Air India. 
Man Risks Life To Travel On Roof of Express Train Running at 100 Km/h, Arrested.
The Swiss and French branches are both leveraging the family name to win a bigger piece of the lucrative global wealth-management pie. 
Maharashtra Congress chief Nana Patole said that the party has dropped the former MP from the list of star campaigners.
Rohit Sharma To Leave Mumbai Indians After IPL 2024, Not Happy With Hardik's Captaincy.
The results not going in the favour of MI makes it even worse as criticism has surrounded the team who are rock bottom in the league table.
Kejriwal will not resign, will work for Delhi people,says AAP MP after walking out of Jail.
NVIDIA, Intel, and AMD are the three main players in this high-stakes game, and they are all vying for dominance in the lucrative silicon chip industry.
Tesla to scout sites in India for $2 bln-$3 bln EV factory.
While in another video, Taapsee danced to Le Gayi from the movie, Dil Toh Pagal Hai with her sister Shagun Pannu.
With majority investor support for the $200-million rights issue, Byju’s expresses confidence in overcoming the current challenges and emerging stronger in the ever-evolving landscape of the edtech industry.
Hindutva-secularism battle that almost broke Congress in 1951.
IPL 2024: Rishabh Pant fined Rs 24 lakh - here's why.
Gourav Vallabh quits Congress, cites discomfort with party's direction.
Heatwave: IMD warns of intense heatwave in Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka 1.
Doctor stumbles upon 30-year-old SBI shares purchased by grandparents, leaves internet amused 4.
Cricketer Natarajan celebrated birthday with Tamil star Ajith Kumar.
Katchatheevu issue was settled 50 yrs ago: Sri Lanka
According to the affidavit filed by the Congress leader while filing his nomination, Rahul Gandhi declared an income of Rs 1.02 crore for the Fiscal Year of 2022-23.